[website] TypographyPageUpdate (#1385)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/foundations/typography/partials/guidelines/overview.md

## Font stack

> Helios intentionally uses default system fonts from each operating system, benefiting from their reliability, versatility, and a broad array of styles to cater to diverse needs, including internationalization, code rendering, tabular data, data visualization, and more, ensuring a consistent cross-platform experience, optimizing performance by minimizing additional resource loading, and facilitating smooth and efficient user interactions within HashiCorp's extensive applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helios uses the default system fonts from each operating system. As a result, we benefit from their reliability, versatility, and broad array of styles that cater to diverse needs, including internationalization, code rendering, tabular data, data visualization, and more. Using system fonts also optimizes performance by minimizing additional resource loading.
```

> Helios intentionally uses default system fonts from each operating system, benefiting from their reliability, versatility, and a broad array of styles to cater to diverse needs, including internationalization, code rendering, tabular data, data visualization, and more, ensuring a consistent cross-platform experience, optimizing performance by minimizing additional resource loading, and facilitating smooth and efficient user interactions within HashiCorp's extensive applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Helios utilizes type scales to establish consistent hierarchies of type, employing a proportional system of sizes and weights. These scales contribute to a visually organized structure, enabling effortless differentiation between content levels and ensuring consistency, coherence, usability, and legibility across the user interface.
```

> Helios intentionally uses default system fonts from each operating system, benefiting from their reliability, versatility, and a broad array of styles to cater to diverse needs, including internationalization, code rendering, tabular data, data visualization, and more, ensuring a consistent cross-platform experience, optimizing performance by minimizing additional resource loading, and facilitating smooth and efficient user interactions within HashiCorp's extensive applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Helios relies on the standard fonts provided by each operating system. We choose these fonts because they are reliable and offer a range of styles that support different needs, such as internationalization, code readability, tabular data, and data visualization. Using system fonts helps optimize performance by reducing the number of resources that need to be loaded, and this is particularly beneficial for large applications like those developed by HashiCorp.```

![monospace on windows](/assets/foundations/typography/monospace-windows.png =660x*)

![monospace on linux](/assets/foundations/typography/monospace-linux.png =660x*)

## Scale

Proportional sizes and weights in type scales within Helios establish consistent hierarchies, creating a visually organized structure that facilitates effortless differentiation between content levels and ensures overall consistency, coherence, usability, and legibility in the user interface.

> | Size | Leading | Tracking |
> |------|---------|----------|
> | <span style="font-size: 30px; line-height: 38px;">30px</span> | <span style="font-size: 30px; line-height: 32px;">38px</span>    |          |
> | <span style="font-size: 24px; line-height: 32px;">24px</span> | <span style="font-size: 24px; line-height: 32px;">32px</span>    |          |
> | <span style="font-size: 18px; line-height: 24px; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">30px</span> | <span style="font-size: 18px; line-height: 24px; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">24px</span>    | -0.5     |
> | <span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 20px; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">16px</span> | <span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 20px; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">20px</span>    | -0.5     |
> | <span style="font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;">14px</span> | <span style="font-size: 14px; line-height: 20px;">24px</span>    |          |
> | <span style="font-size: 13px; line-height: 18px;">13px</span> | <span style="font-size: 13px; line-height: 18px;">18px</span>    |          |

Author: ```suggestion

```

| 300<br>section title | <span style="font-size: 18px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 800; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">Consul configuration</span> | Text | 18px / 24px | Bold | -0.5 |
| 300<br>emphasized display | <span style="font-size: 18px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 700; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">Consul configuration</span> | Text | 18px / 24px | Semi-bold | -0.5 |
| 300<br>display | <span style="font-size: 18px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 500; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">Consul configuration</span> | Text | 18px / 24px | Medium | -0.5 |
| 200<br>secondary content title | <span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 800; Letter-spacing: -0.5px;">More from Consul</span> | Text | 16px / 24px | Bold | -0.5 |
| 100<br>subtitle, table header | <span style="font-size: 13px; line-height: 18px; font-weight: 800;">Cluster ID</span> | Text | 13px / 18px | Bold   |

###Body

Helios's body styles establish the foundational type size for our products, providing a starting point for the typographic hierarchy throughout the body content.

> | Range           | Example Text                                                                                                        | Label | Font size / Line height | Weight |
> |-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|-------------------------|--------|
> | 300<br>docs, tutorials|<span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 800;">Installing a Linux package is the easiest.</span>| Text  | 16px/24px               | Semi-bold |
> | 300<br>docs, tutorials|<span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 500;">Installing a Linux package is the easiest.</span>| Text  | 16px/24px               | Medium |
> | 300<br>docs, tutorials link|<span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 500;">Installing a <Hds::Link::Inline @color="primary" @href="...">Linux package</Hds::Link::Inline> is the easiest.</span>| Text  | 16px/24px               | Medium |
> | 300<br>docs, tutorials|<span style="font-size: 16px; line-height: 24px; font-weight: 400;">Installing a Linux package is the easiest.</span>| Text  | 16px/24px               | Regular |

Author: ```suggestion

```
